workflow: add -w option to list command to filter the workflows retrieved (#559)
reanahub/reana-client: CHANGES.rst

Version 0.8.0 (UNRELEASED)
--------------------------

> - Changes ``list`` to filter and display all the the runs of the given workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds the possibility to filter and display all the runs of a given workflow to the ``list`` command.
```
